---
layout: default
title:  "Privacy Policy"
sidebar: keyote
---

# Privacy Policy

Effective date: March 23, 2019 

TeskaLabs Ltd ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Keyote application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service"). 

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. 

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions. 

## Definitions 

#### Service

Service is the Keyote mobile application operated by TeskaLabs Ltd 

#### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). 

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). 


## Information Collection and Use 
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected 

#### Personal Data 

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: 
 * Unique Identifier 
 * Usage Data 


#### Usage Data 

When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data"). 

## Use of Data 

TeskaLabs Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes: 

* To provide and maintain our Service 
* To notify you about changes to our Service 
* To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so 
* To provide customer support 
* To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service 
* To monitor the usage of our Service 
* To detect, prevent and address technical issues 


## Transfer of Data 

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. 

If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there. 

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 

TeskaLabs Ltd will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. 


## Disclosure of Data 

### Business Transaction 

If TeskaLabs Ltd is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy. 


### Legal Requirements 

TeskaLabs Ltd may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: 
 * To comply with a legal obligation 
 * To protect and defend the rights or property of TeskaLabs Ltd 
 * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service 
 * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public 
 * To protect against legal liability 


## Security of Data 

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 


## Service Providers 

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used. 

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 

## Payments 

We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors). 

We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. 

The payment processors we work with are: 
 * Apple Store In-App Payments  
   Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at [https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/)


## Children's Privacy 

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). 

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. 

## Changes to This Privacy Policy 

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. 

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. 


## Contact Us 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: 
 * By email: [product-keyote@teskalabs.com](mailto:product-keyote@teskalabs.com)
 * By visiting this page on our website: [https://teskalabs.com/contact](https://teskalabs.com/contact)
